hello everyone today I'm going to show
you how to hide your soft keys on your
phones so you can enjoy playing games on
fully screen of your device or else you
can do browsing on your devices on full
screen so guys these are the soft keys
I'm talking about which are appearing at
the bottom of your display and these
soft keys are affair on about 60% on
Android devices let's say some of the
devices are Nexus 4 Sony Xperia Z ultra
z1 XPS D LG g2 and many more so guys the
only way to hide your soft keys is dad
that you have to root your device first
so I have already routed my lg g2 and if
you follow that video you can easily
route and unroot your device so first
thing you have to do is that you have to
root your device than download GMD
auto-hide soft keys from a Play Store
and this is free to download you don't
have to pay a single penny to download
this software but it has also got pro
version with some extra features but
again I am repeating here you can only
use it if you have root access if you
want you know how to root your Nexus 4
and lg g2 just go into a description
link in this video and watch routing
videos I'm also going to root XP as the
ultra and Xperia Z soon and XP as e1 as
well and link of those videos will be
provided in the description below so
stay tuned for all these things now
let's see how we can actually hide soft
keys by using GMD autohotkey if P have
root access so this device has root
access because we have super user in it
and here is our software now here you
have to press allow now you have to
unable hide soft keys no here you can
see that all the keys have gone and now
you can play all your games on a full
display of your device you can also
bring them back like this now if you
don't want to hide these keys just go
back to auto add key and disable this
thing and your keys will be back on your
phone so this is how it works on android
devices but after
putting your device so guys don't forget
to sub and like this video thanks for
watching it